[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY:
Well, welcome back
to another edition
of "Beyond Belief".
I'm George Noory, and we
have an amazing guest for you
in this edition of the program.
We talk a lot about
life after death,
and we have a lot
a psychic mediums
that come on the program.
But there's one special
person out there
who-- where ever I have been to
speaking engagements and events
and he's on my
panel, I just stop
in wonderment because of the
answers and his relationship
with the audience.
Vincent Genna is with us.
And you're going to look
forward to this one.
Vince, welcome to the program.
>>VINCENT GENNA: Oh,
it's so great to be here.
Thank you for inviting me.
>>NOORY: This is amazing.
Look at you.
You look like you're
Hollywood, for crying out loud.
>>GENNA: Well, yes.
Well, tell them that.
That's exactly--
>>NOORY: Did you buy that
jacket just for the show?
>>GENNA: I bought
that jacket myself.
I even got the socks that
match and everything.
Well, I'm a closet Guido.
And so everything has to
be styling and profiling.
That's the way I do my work.
>>NOORY: You do.
>>GENNA: And you know.
Look at you there.
>>NOORY: You look meticulous.
>>GENNA: Well, thank you.
Well, it takes one to know one.
I mean, that's exactly
how I would dress,
gorgeous pink tie like that.
Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Well, but see, they
see me from the desk up.
From the desk down,
they don't know I'm just
sitting here in my underwear.
>>GENNA: Which is
great, by the way.
You look great in that, too.
>>NOORY: I'm only kidding.
>>GENNA: No, really.
>>NOORY: I've actually
got clothes on.
Vince, you've been doing
this for a long time.
>>GENNA: I have.
>>NOORY: A long time.
>>GENNA: It's
about 32 years now.
>>NOORY: Tell us your history.
What happened?
>>GENNA: Oh, wow.
Well, all my life, I
must have had something
going on within me,
because it was-- I
had a completely different life.
It was total torment
for my early years,
all the way up until I was about
17 years old between the kids
in school between my parents.
They had emotional difficulties.
And so they were taking it
out on both my brother and I.
>>NOORY: Oh, boy.
>>GENNA: I mean, all
the typical stuff
with the physical, emotional,
and sexual abuse that went on.
So something carried
me through that.
And there was an inner
knowing that they were wrong,
and I was OK.
And I don't know
what told me that.
But it was 28 years old.
That's exactly when it
happened, where this just
spontaneously awoke within me.
And George, it was amazing,
because all during my torment
I believed in God, totally
different than what
I was being taught.
>>NOORY: Still do?
>>GENNA: Still do.
Oh, yes.
We're like this just like
everybody else is with God.
I knew Jesus in a different way.
You gotta remember.
You're Italian.
You're a New Yorker.
I think there's a law there
that states you must be an altar
boy by 13 years old.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
And religious.
>>GENNA: Otherwise,
they kick you out
of the church and New York.
So of course, I
was an altar boy.
And I used to argue with
the priests at 13 saying,
you're teaching God
and Jesus wrong.
I had no idea why
I was saying that.
>>NOORY: Did they listen to you?
Or they'd whack you in the head?
>>GENNA: Well, no.
They didn't whack
me in the head.
When I got home, my mother
beat the crap out of me.
Because she thought I was
destining them all to hell,
the fire pits of
hell because I was--
>>NOORY: Why?
Would the priests call her?
How did she know?
>>GENNA: No, they loved me.
The priest would know me.
But because mom had
emotional issues,
the priest would visit her.
And they would talk.
And she was always
apologizing for me.
And they would say, no,
Vinnie is a romanticist.
He just sees that the
world can be perfect,
and it really can't.
So they saw something
in me that I never knew.
But it was at 28, I never
ever prayed for myself
during any of my torment.
But my friend that he was
the greatest tormentor
during my youth, he became
a dear friend of mine
after our 10 year
high school reunion.
And his life was falling apart.
And I had no idea
how to help him.
I was an actor.
I wanted a Tony, an Emmy,
an Oscar, any other awards
they came out with.
I just wanted to achieve that.
And so his life
is falling apart.
I'm with him.
I felt such compassion for him.
Because with all the
torment I went through,
I certainly know--
>>NOORY: With him.
>>GENNA: With him,
caused a lot by him.
What it was to have
no self-esteem,
no self-belief whatsoever.
And I was feeling that in him.
>>NOORY: He was falling
apart right in front of you.
>>GENNA: He was falling apart.
I didn't pray that
God helped him.
For some reason, I prayed
that God help me help him.
>>NOORY: Help him.
You needed that strength.
>>GENNA: I needed that
empowerment in some way.
And I said not only him,
but people like him.
That was the complete
turning point.
Because it was shortly
after that that all
of the paranormal stuff
started happening to me.
And then it all came.
I mean, really when I look
back on it in hindsight,
it happened--
>>NOORY: All the time.
>>GENNA: --all the
time and all at once.
>>NOORY: You just
didn't recognize it.
>>GENNA: I didn't recognize
it, but at this point,
it was unbelievable what
was being thrown at me.
I mean, seeing dead people
coming around my house,
reading people's minds, telling
the future, telling the past.
I was like-- it was
just pouring in my head.
And my wife, we
were married for-- I
think it was about six
years at that point.
>>NOORY: You've been
together a long time.
>>GENNA: We've been together
43 years, married 37.
>>NOORY: Amazing.
>>GENNA: That was a soul
contract that we allowed
to happen, because she--
>>NOORY: You have
bucked the odds.
>>GENNA: Somebody has to.
And if one person can, everybody
else can, too, as an example.
So she believed in me.
At first she thought I was nuts.
I mean, who wouldn't
when I'm saying
I'm talking to dead people.
She just realized but there's
something coming out of him.
There's wisdom
and this knowledge
that I know he doesn't know.
So she stayed with me.
It was her belief in me that
pushed me to keep going.
And then I finally
realized and come
to understand why all of
this was happening for me.
So it was at that
point my destiny--
I felt my destiny was changing.
I still didn't know the
direction it was going in.
And I didn't know how I was
going to make that happen.
But I just let it go,
and I went with the flow.
And here I am today sitting
right in front of you
on this show.
And I would never ever
have expected that,
not unless you had me here to
do a song and dance for you.
>>NOORY: Which I may do.
Yes, we're not done with that.
>>GENNA: Oh, God.
I bet that'll be fun.
All, right OK.
>>NOORY: Did you
ever have any doubts
these things that
were happening to you,
these psychic abilities,
these abilities
to see the other side?
Did you doubt it at all?
>>GENNA: All the time.
When you go through the
torment that I went through--
and I became a
psychotherapist, so I
know all of the mental
pathologies that can happen,
including narcissism.
My biggest concern
was I was developing--
and even till today, not
as much as yesterday,
but am I having grandiose
ideas about myself
that I, me, Vincent Genna
can help save the world?
Because really that's
what I'm motivated to do,
quite honestly.
I keep saying all the
torment out there,
and that keeps motiving--
>>NOORY: Oh, my gosh,
and it doesn't stop.
>>GENNA: --to do more.
I don't want to stop.
And so I sit and I wonder
with all of the beings
that I'm communicating
with, is this real?
Is it real?
What saves me is
Edgar Cayce material.
I was directed to the
Edgar Cayce material right
as this happened.
And that became the foundation
for all the work that I do now,
was a good foundation.
>>NOORY: And great material.
>>GENNA: Absolutely.
And Edgar when he was younger,
he used to sit with his mom.
And he used to-- early on in
the stages of his prophecies.
And say to her what happens
if I'm making this all up,
and I'm really
hurting the people.
And his mom wisely
said, as long as you
carry that doubt with you, that
will always keep you in check.
And it's proof that you
can never hurt the people.
>>NOORY: That's good.
>>GENNA: You're doing
it from a good place.
>>NOORY: Mom knew.
>>GENNA: Mom absolutely knew.
So I hope I'm not afraid
to have my doubts.
Because it's
certainly-- George, it's
keeping me in check,
because I want
to make sure I don't do anything
that can ever hurt people.
And you've heard
some of my beliefs,
and they're pretty heavy.
>>NOORY: Yes, they are.
>>GENNA: And some
very contradictory
of some of the other beliefs
that people have heard.
But I still have to know in
my heart with my intention
and my love of people,
only the right thing
is going to come out.
It was so funny when I was
going to become a social worker,
we were all adults.
I went to UNC, the
University of North Carolina
at Chapel Hill Road.
>>NOORY: Good school.
>>GENNA: Oh, it's great school.
And all of the other students
used to make fun of me.
And they were really
concerned with me,
because we would
do our internships.
And then we would come
and meet, and the teacher
would be discussing them.
OK, what were your experiences?
And I was the only one feeling
good about what I was doing.
And we were interning
before we learned
all the tools of the trade.
So the students were
like, oh, Vincent.
Oh, you can't be so
sure about yourself.
I mean, you've got to be a
little bit hesitant about what
you think you're doing there.
And I'm like, no.
I've got these
people coming to me
with these emotional
instabilities.
And they're sitting
in front of me,
and I'm supposed to have more
emotional instability than they
are.
Uh-uh.
>>NOORY: No, not gonna happen.
>>GENNA: No, they're
not going to happen.
If I'm sitting
there, I don't care
if I know how to do cognitive
behavioral therapy or any
of those things yet.
I'm a person.
And I'm sitting there
wanting to help them,
and I care about them.
That alone is the core
basis of all healing.
So I know I'm doing
something good for them.
And they were like, oh,
that's too much confidence.
>>NOORY: Blasphemer.
>>GENNA: I know.
Yeah, totally blasphemer.
But I even had-- when I was
applying for my first job
after I graduated, there
was a young director.
He was like 30 years old.
I was already in my 40s.
And he said to me--
he said, I think
you have a little bit too much
confidence to be working here.
Because we work in teams.
And I said to him, I
assure you you've not ever
meet a confident
person before until me.
Because I just sat here and
told you where my strengths are
and where my weaknesses are.
A confident person can do that.
Somebody who's trying
to hide something,
I'm the first person to
turn to a team member.
>>NOORY: They never
talk about weaknesses.
>>GENNA: No, never
talk about weakness.
So I said, so you'll
have to redefine it.
But that's OK.
If that's what you
feel, that's all right.
So they were always concerned
about my confidence.
But it was something
completely different than what
they defined.
>>NOORY: How do you feel with
this very topsy turvy planet
we're in right now?
I mean, it's
unbelievable the stress
that's out there for people--
>>GENNA: That's right.
>>NOORY: --the road rage,
the anger, the wars.
How much more can people put
up with before they crack?
>>GENNA: Well the interesting
thing about all of that
is these people aren't
necessarily putting up with it.
They're creating it.
So that's the
difference, is we're
manifesting all of this stuff.
All of the things,
whether it be politics,
that is the result of society.
It's not the cause of society.
And so each individual
person, what you
see going on in the world
today with the devastations,
and the shootings, and all
of that horrible stuff--
>>NOORY: It's one after another.
It doesn't stop.
>>GENNA: It absolutely is.
It's a complete
reflection of what
each individual
on the earth today
is going through personally.
We are shooting
ourselves down when
we want to go after a dream.
We say, oh, I'm not good enough.
I do a whole workshop on
that, stopping yourself
and become unstoppable.
Because it's our inner core
beliefs about ourselves
that are getting in the way.
Adults have these
wonderful adult beliefs,
and they take all
of these classes.
And now I know this,
and I know that.
And they're still not
able to get things done.
What the universe is helping
us with is shaking and bringing
to the surface-- the
way I look at it,
it's like panning for
gold, a little reverse.
When you get the old
miner, the gold miner,
he used to take a pan,
and he'd go to the river
and he'd be shaking.
>>NOORY: Get his little nuggets.
>>GENNA: Little nuggets
would rise to the surface.
And some of the debris would
come out of the strainer.
The way I see it is the
universe is shaking that pan,
but the gold nuggets are
falling out of the bottom
and leaving the debris--
>>NOORY: On the top.
>>GENNA: --on the surface.
So that all you have
to do is go toss it.
So with all that's going
on in the world, yes.
Do I feel bad about it?
Absolutely.
And like Sodom and Gomorrah,
which is a metaphysical story,
I was just talking about that.
>>NOORY: And they just found
Sodom, that part of it.
>>GENNA: Yes, isn't that right?
So yes, and they're now showing
it's proof of the existence
of these places.
>>NOORY: Which is
amazing, because it
makes you know that the
Bible is telling the truth.
>>GENNA: It is
telling the truth,
and it is also giving metaphors
about what went on there.
Because in Sodom
and Gomorrah, it
wasn't that God was
going to destroy them.
They were destroying
themselves--
>>NOORY: They were, exactly.
>>GENNA: --which is
what we are doing now.
And so the angels came.
The story is angels came a lot--
>>NOORY: History repeats itself.
>>GENNA: --and said find
11 people, wake them up.
So where we're looking
for now is we probably
need with 7.2 billion people
on the face of the earth,
I think we need
a little bit more
than 11 now for critical math.
>>NOORY: I think so, too.
>>GENNA: Maybe a few billion.
Wake them up, and it's their
spiritual understanding
that will overthrow
and compensate
for the negative stuff
going on, just like they
did in Sodom and Gomorrah.
And that's what we're
trying to do now.
So yes, we can
destroy ourselves.
We can completely
wipe this stuff out.
But that's the physical stuff.
The soul stuff can
never be destroyed.
But the interim, all
of this suffering
doesn't need to go on.
That's the biggest problem.
So I consider myself one of
those messengers who go out
there to help wake up people.
I feel that exactly about you.
You're waking up
people all the time,
everybody who watches this show.
>>NOORY: And you
have to wake them up.
You have to.
>>GENNA: We do, because
they're so asleep.
So yes, it's devastating.
I hear some of the
most painful stories.
That even there's-- I sit there,
and I even say to myself, OK,
you've got to give me some
really good words for this
person.
Because I'm lost over here.
What can I say to
make this person feel
that they are divine, that
they can change their lives?
And meanwhile they've
been living nothing
but in the mud, and in the
right turmoil, and the trauma
>>NOORY: And they can't
pull themselves out of it.
>>GENNA: And they can't
And there's so
much fear going on.
So I see it as a place for us to
help and a lot of opportunity.
But I also don't deny this
is negative stuff that's
going on here.
I'm not in such a place in
the paranormal or metaphysical
field where I say
this is all OK.
This is all OK.
>>NOORY: You can't say
that, because it's not.
>>GENNA: No.
Exactly, it's not OK.
This isn't the way it should be.
We shouldn't be suffering.
We shouldn't be dying
of all of these things.
We can stop it.
But you've got to
wake people up.
And I'm pretty strong in
being able to wake people up.
>>NOORY: On the day that you
join the other side, when
that day comes, how would you
like your headstone to read?
>>GENNA: Oh, wow.
>>NOORY: Here lies
Vincent Genna.
But what's the subtitle?
What do you want
people to read there?
>>GENNA: Who helped us
all believe in ourselves
and love ourselves,
something to that effect.
Because that's my major goal.
I want to help my
brothers and sisters
know who they really are.
So he empowered the world.
He made us see our dreams.
I just don't want it to say
what a pain in the ass he was.
So I got to leave that out
of some of my family's hands.
I don't know--
>>NOORY: You don't want
anybody to graffiti
that on your tombstone.
>>GENNA: No, no, no.
Yeah, we don't want that.
That could be the sub subtext
that they want to put.
What a pain in the ass,
he changed our lives.
>>NOORY: You've
changed people's lives,
and you do it in
a different way.
>>GENNA: Yes, I do.
>>NOORY: Part of it
is through singing.
>>GENNA: Oh goodness, yes.
>>NOORY: So what do you sing?
>>GENNA: What do I sing?
>>NOORY: Yeah,
what kind of songs?
>>GENNA: What type of songs?
Anything that's inspirational.
I've been very involved in--
>>NOORY: Ava Maria?
>>GENNA: No, that's OK.
I'm talking about words
to help empower you.
And there's so many
Broadway shows.
I'm actually going to make a
CD of inspirational Broadway.
>>NOORY: Oh, fantastic.
>>GENNA: So that way,
people can really
pay attention to those songs.
One of the oldest ones is
"The Impossible Dream".
>>NOORY: Great song.
>>GENNA: It's all about
going after that dream.
There's so many messages.
And that no matter
how hard it is,
you still have to go after it.
One of the ones that I sing
is "Climb Every Mountain".
I absolutely don't profess to
sing it like the stars sang it
in the movie.
But I've had so many people say
that I've touched their heart.
Just like the song says,
a teaspoon of sugar
makes the medicine go down.
>>NOORY: That's right.
Good ole Julie Andrews.
>>GENNA: That's right.
My workshops have
such intense messages.
Because I've gotta break
through your defense mechanisms.
So it can get really hard.
So I look at whatever I can
to have a gallon of honey.
That's what I need.
A teaspoon of sugar is not going
to make it, a gallon honey.
So if I can use a
song to touch you,
that's what I believe my
entertainment experience was
for.
>>NOORY: Have you been
singing for a long time?
Because I do that at some
of my events, and I love it.
>>GENNA: I heard that about you.
>>NOORY: Learned from
my mother's old records.
>>GENNA: Absolutely.
How wonderful is that?
Yeah, I always just was a
ham when I was a little kid.
So I've been singing
for so many years.
But basically, 35 years I was
a professional actress, singer,
and dancer.
And I did some
television and movies.
>>NOORY: Yes, you did.
>>GENNA: Mostly--
>>NOORY: And you did it well.
>>GENNA: Well,
thank you very much.
I'd like to think
I did well at it.
That's why I want to
keep up the singing.
Because I feel if that's part
of your package-- just like you,
don't you continue
singing today?
>>NOORY: Yes, I sure do.
>>GENNA: See, and I feel that
that's part of who we are.
And we have to include that.
So I reach them anyway I can.
>>NOORY: So I'm going to ask
you to very briefly do us
a little acapella
song as we continue
this incredible
discussion with you.
Because I just want to hear you.
>>GENNA: You want
to hear me, huh?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>GENNA: OK.
>>NOORY: And because
I'm the host--
>>GENNA: Yeah, I know--
>>NOORY: I can get what I want.
>>GENNA: All right, so
[SINGING] This is my quest
to follow that star.
No matter how hopeless,
no matter how far.
To fight for the right
without question or pause
to be willing to march into
hell for a heavenly cause.
And I know if I'll only be
true to this glorious quest
that my heart will lie
peaceful and calm when
my I'm laid to my rest.
>>NOORY: See, I notice
you put a lot of passion
into your singing.
It's not just a voice.
It's something from the heart.
>>GENNA: Thank you.
I put a lot of passion
into everything I do.
What you see is what you
get of me everywhere.
The funny thing
about that, George,
is my wife always used to say
to me-- Eileen would say to me,
she said, Vinnie,
you're so intense.
And I would say,
I'm not intense.
I'm passionate.
And so I was doing a workshop
about relationships one time.
And I was looking
up the word passion.
And there it is in bold
letters, an intense emotion.
So I was like, I
mean, you're right.
I've been intense all my life.
That's how I get the
message through, George.
>>NOORY: Classic song.
>>GENNA: That's my passion.
>>NOORY: Why you started
your own spiritual center?
>>GENNA: Well, it's not
that I don't disbelieve
in spiritual centers.
I absolutely believe they're
extremely beneficial.
But what they wind up producing
that I didn't want to produce
are followers.
There's a difference between
following me on Facebook.
I've got--
>>NOORY: That's easy.
>>GENNA: --30,000 people
following me on Facebook.
That's fine.
But the greatest part
of my job is empowering
you to change your life.
And here's what is interesting.
I follow Jesus' precepts.
Whenever somebody came
to him for a healing,
he may lay his hand out.
He may touch them.
And they were healed.
And they would say,
thank you, Jesus.
And the first thing he
said is I didn't heal you.
>>NOORY: They did.
>>GENNA: You did.
>>NOORY: They did, yeah.
>>GENNA: But if I gave you
the belief by touching you,
that allowed you to believe
you were then healed,
then so be it.
That's my job.
>>NOORY: I always thought Jesus
was like the placebo effect.
>>GENNA: You're
absolutely right.
>>NOORY: You thought you
were getting the medicine
or getting whatever you needed.
>>GENNA: That's right.
And what did he do?
He spoke with such
passion that he
helped people finally believe
in something that strong.
And that's what made them work.
So I don't want followers.
I want to empower you
to believe in yourself.
And I can't have one
place to do that.
I want to be able to
travel all over the world.
I want to be able
to do television.
I want to reach everybody.
But I don't necessarily
need a church for you
to come to all the time.
Empower the-- one man
can save a nation.
And what I believe by that
is by empowering one person,
believing in one person,
they then can go on.
So yes, believe in and at
least try what I have to say,
but don't believe in me.
That's not what I'm asking for.
Even Jesus said that.
Don't call me lord.
I'm not lord.
The God is lord, not me.
So people have a habit of that.
I don't want to create
followers in that way.
>>NOORY: Well, sometimes people
get dealt the wrong card.
Don't they?
>>GENNA: I'll add on to that.
People get dealt
the wrong cards,
because they're the dealer.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>GENNA: They're dealing
themselves the wrong card.
>>NOORY: I've got to
remember that the next time
I'm in Vegas.
>>GENNA: I know.
Yeah, don't tell them that.
I mean, that's the only
place that it doesn't happen.
But we deal the deck.
Nobody else deals it for us.
Otherwise we'd be victims.
And here's what's interesting.
I did research when I was
getting my social works degree.
And I got my degree
in psychology as well.
So in my undergrad
work, I was really
studying the self, so that
I could truly understand
how people think
and how people think about
themselves psychologically.
And one of my papers that I did
I went and I asked 100 college
students, are you happy?
Oh, and 80% of them
right off the bat
without hesitation, oh, yes.
Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Of course, yeah.
>>GENNA: 20%, they were between.
I'm not sure.
And a few that said
no, definitely not.
>>NOORY: Not happy.
>>GENNA: But so I'm
working with the 80%.
Now I had follow up questions.
How's your life going?
You have good relationships?
No, I just broke up with my
boyfriend, my girlfriend.
And it sucks terrible.
>>NOORY: But they still
say they had a happy.
>>GENNA: Happy life, yes.
And what about your-- are
you going in the direction
that you want to go
with your degree?
No, I have no idea.
I just dropped out of my degree.
I go, all right, how's
your health doing?
Oh, I just found out that
I have stage 1 diabetes.
And I gone on.
Hmm, how's family life going?
Mom and dad just got a divorce.
I said OK, now let me go
back to the top again.
I'm going to you one more time.
>>NOORY: Ask it again.
>>GENNA: Are you really happy?
And they turn around, and
they go, no, I guess I'm not.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>GENNA: And that
helped me to understand
that people don't believe
what they think they believe.
They believe what they
need to believe in order
to help them with coping.
>>NOORY: Now, was
there anything wrong
with them saying they're
happy from the get go?
>>GENNA: Actually, yes.
And here's why.
Now, you can still be
content with your life,
and grateful for
what's going on,
and still not have everything
in it that you want.
But you're moving
in that direction.
But what happens, people are
hiding with their adult defense
mechanisms.
And I actually-- I have
a book out-- not out yet,
I'm finishing it-- about
God, it's not working.
And I talk about different
divisions of the mind.
And for example, the adult made
mind is a mind that I labeled,
that in my research, it's where
we harbor all of the defense
mechanisms to help protect us
against all those underlying
bad feelings we have
about ourselves.
And in that, we wind up hiding
what we are truly feeling.
So psychologically,
you go to a therapist,
they try to teach
you coping skills.
Coping skills are created
in that adult made mind.
But we're not physical beings.
We are spiritual beings
having a physical experience.
And we're trying to get
beyond the metaphysical.
We're trying to get
beyond the physical
in order to control
our lives better.
So there's something
deeper going on.
So your defense mechanism may be
getting you through your life.
But I'm not creating
anything because--
>>NOORY: And he's not happy.
>>GENNA: --underneath
where the real power
is that voice that's
saying I'm not good enough.
I'm not worthy enough.
I'm not lovable enough.
And by you having the defense
mechanism of oh, I'm happy,
you're blocking what you're
really believing and therefore
can't heal it.
I don't want-- I'm not here
to burst people's bubbles.
But that winds up being
one of my major jobs.
Because you have to get to the
core of what's bothering you.
That's like going to a doctor
and telling the doctor,
I'm in pain.
I need you to heal me.
And when he turns around and
says well, what's hurting you?
And you say, I don't know.
>>NOORY: I don't know.
I don't know where.
>>GENNA: I don't know where.
And so the doctor's
going, oh, how can I
help you if you don't
know where your injury is?
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>GENNA: I help people see where
the injury is only for a moment
to get to the healing.
But it's that initial moment
that hurts them the most.
>>NOORY: Which is important.
You're talking to lots
of people right now
who are watching this
program, Vincent.
What one message
do you want them
to take away with themselves?
>>GENNA: One message.
Oh, I got to narrow it
down to one message?
>>NOORY: One message.
>>GENNA: One message?
You're asking an
Italian New Yorker
who talks all the time
to give you one message.
You cannot believe in anything
until you believe in yourself
first.
So if things are not
happening in your life the way
you're trying to
create them-- and we
are unlimited beings who are
capable of manifesting anything
and everything.
And we're capable of
doing that overnight.
We have records of people
spontaneously healing
stage 4 cancers, going from
zero to millions in just one
episode, one occurrence.
All of that is to show
us what we're capable of.
But you're not capable of
any of it just from studying,
just from taking
all of the classes,
just from saying that you
are a spiritual being.
You have to believe it.
You have to not only
just believe in yourself,
believe that you come
from some greater force.
You've got to admit something.
>>NOORY: There's got to be.
>>GENNA: And believe that
you're worthy of your dreams,
that you're lovable, that you
deserve them, that you are God.
That's really the bottom line
that we're all evolving to,
to understand that.
And this life is to help
you experience all of that.
So it's not supposed to be
the sorrow that it is today.
It's supposed to be joyous.
And that's coming.
>>NOORY: Vincent,
give out your website
and how people can
find you on Facebook.
>>GENNA: OK, all you have to
do is go to www.vincentgenna--
and that's
V-I-N-C-E-N-T-G-E-N-N-A-- .com.
And when you register,
you'll get one of my--
it's an abridged version of
"God and Your Ego Are One".
I have the habit of
filling in the spaces
and sometimes contradicting
some of the material that's
been passed to us.
And you'll get that as
a gift, a free gift,
for registering on my website.
Catch me on Facebook.
I'm constantly communicating
with everybody on Facebook.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
>>GENNA: You go to Vincent
Genna MSW on Facebook.
And you can communicate
with me, send me emails.
I have fabulous
lectures on there
that you can even purchase.
I have a wonderful
series of meditations.
It's called "Seven
Journeys For Your Soul,"
guided meditations to the
words and music of spirit
that was totally tranced through
me and a master musician.
So I try to at least put
out things for people
that they can use on their own.
But they have to hear
some of the words that
are going to get them there.
You know what I mean, George?
So, yes.
So that's how people
can contact me.
>>NOORY: Let's wrap things
up by doing a little duet--
>>GENNA: I would love that.
>>NOORY: --of the
"Impossible Dream".
I'll probably fade out a
little before you will.
>>GENNA: Oh, OK.
Go ahead.
>>NOORY: But I'll you--
let's start together,
but you get us going.
>>GENNA: OK, [SINGING] To
dream the impossible dream,
to fight the unbeatable foe,
to bear with unbearable sorrow,
to run where the
brave dare not go.
>>NOORY: Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief", folks.
>>GENNA: [SINGING] To right
the unrightable wrong.
[THEME MUSIC]